The red ball sat proudly at the top of the
toybox It had been the last to be played with
and anticipated it would be the next as well The
other toys grumbled beneath At one time each had held
the spot of the red ball but over time they
had sunk deeper and deeper into the toy box.It was
a simple green chair There was nothing extraordinary about it
or so it seemed It was the type of chair
one would pass without even noticing it was there let
alone what the actual color of it was It was
due to this common and unassuming appearance that few people
actually stopped to sit in it and discover its magical
powers There was something in the sky What exactly was
up there wasn't immediately clear But there was definitely something
in the sky and it was getting bigger and bigger
She asked the question even though she didn't really want
to hear the answer It was a no-win situation since
she already knew If he told the truth she'd get
confirmation of her worst fears If he lied she'd know
that he wasn't who she thought he was which would
be almost as bad Yet she asked the question anyway
and waited for his answer The lone lamp post of
the one-street town flickered not quite dead but definitely on
its way out Suitcase by her side she paid no
heed to the light the street or the town A
car was coming down the street and with her arm
outstretched and thumb in the air she had a plan